hey what's up today I'm going to show
you guys a quick review of the bicycle
Tallyho fan back cards they're on
they're really really nice cards and you
can see right off the bat the box is
just the box design it's just really
really nice on the side it has Alan oyed
finish made in USA for hear us playing
card company Cincinnati Ohio Tallyho
poker night it doesn't have a barcode
reveal while the top poker number 9 on
the back says original fan back and it
shows the back design of the cards so on
that's the box now actually to get to
the cards um they're really really nice
cards again the lanoy finish on them is
just like so smooth compared to other
cards on the Joker's first you got the
guarantee Joker and then you have this
joker I really like these jokers you
know opposed to the bicycle ones they're
really creative you got the guy here and
then this is the guarantee Joker um
again the back design they put a lot of
detail into it I and again this finish
is like really smooth it's good for any
kind of flourishes that you would want
to do I would definitely recommend it I
mean in terms of the faces they're all
they're all on there just like regular
bicycle cards this is the ace of spades
it's got a lot of detail a lot more than
regular rider back cards it's just a
puddle I think that they just to put a
lot of time into the stack mean it's
really nice again the cards are
smoothest cars that i have so i would
definitely definitely recommend getting
this deck so you can pick it up at
pretty much any man
shop they're probably the best cards
well not maybe not the best but they're
definitely up there with all the cars
that I own so I would definitely
recommend buying this so I please
comment thumb up and subscribe